Add support for custom id generation (#69)
marmelab/FakeRest: README.md

authorsCollection.addOne({ first_name: 'Jane', last_name: 'Austen' }); // { _id: 1, first_name: 'Jane', last_name: 'Austen' }
// collections have auto incremented identifiers by default but accept identifiers already set
authorsCollection.addOne({ _id: 3, first_name: 'Marcel', last_name: 'Proust' }); // { _id: 3, first_name: 'Marcel', last_name: 'Proust' }
restServer2.addCollection('authors', authorsCollection);
// collections are mutable
authorsCollection.updateOne(1, { last_name: 'Doe' }); // { _id: 1, first_name: 'Jane', last_name: 'Doe' }
authorsCollection.removeOne(3); // { _id: 3, first_name: 'Marcel', last_name: 'Proust' }

const server = sinon.fakeServer.create();
server.autoRespond = true;
server.respondWith(restServer.getHandler());
server.respondWith(restServer2.getHandler());
```

## Configure Identifiers Generation

By default, FakeRest uses an auto incremented sequence for the items identifiers. If you'd rather uses UUID for instance but would like to avoid providing them when you insert new items, you can provide your own function:

```js
import FakeRest from 'fakerest';
import uuid from 'uuid';

> const restServer = new FakeRest.Server('http://my.custom.domain', () => uuid.v5());

Reviewer: Since we're in for a breaking change, we can afford changing the signature to a params object. Same for Fakerest.Server.

```

This can also be specified at the collection level:

```js
import FakeRest from 'fakerest';
import uuid from 'uuid';

const restServer = new FakeRest.Server('http://my.custom.domain');

> const authorsCollection = new FakeRest.Collection([], '_id', , () => uuid.v5());

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
const authorsCollection = new FakeRest.Collection([], '_id', () => uuid.v5());
```

// Set data collection by collection - allows to customize the identifier name
const authorsCollection = new FakeRest.Collection({ items: [], identifierName: '_id' });
authorsCollection.addOne({ first_name: 'Leo', last_name: 'Tolstoi' }); // { _id: 0, first_name: 'Leo', last_name: 'Tolstoi' }
authorsCollection.addOne({ first_name: 'Jane', last_name: 'Austen' }); // { _id: 1, first_name: 'Jane', last_name: 'Austen' }
// collections have auto incremented identifiers by default but accept identifiers already set
authorsCollection.addOne({ _id: 3, first_name: 'Marcel', last_name: 'Proust' }); // { _id: 3, first_name: 'Marcel', last_name: 'Proust' }
restServer2.addCollection('authors', authorsCollection);
// collections are mutable
authorsCollection.updateOne(1, { last_name: 'Doe' }); // { _id: 1, first_name: 'Jane', last_name: 'Doe' }
authorsCollection.removeOne(3); // { _id: 3, first_name: 'Marcel', last_name: 'Proust' }

const server = sinon.fakeServer.create();
server.autoRespond = true;
server.respondWith(restServer.getHandler());
server.respondWith(restServer2.getHandler());
```

## Configure Identifiers Generation

> By default, FakeRest uses an auto incremented sequence for the items identifiers. If you'd rather use UUIDs for instance but would like to avoid providing them when you insert new items, you can provide your own function:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, FakeRest uses an auto incremented sequence for the items identifiers. If you'd rather use another type of identifiers (e.g. UUIDs), you can provide your own `getNewId` function at the server level:
```
